dotnet-install scripts: added new --os option, deprecated --runtime-id (#22453)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-install-script.md

  - `aspnetcore` - the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.App` shared runtime.
  - `windowsdesktop` - the `Microsoft.WindowsDesktop.App` shared runtime.

- **`--runtime-id <RID>` [Deprecated]**

>   Specifies the [runtime identifier](../rid-catalog.md) for which the tools are being installed. Use `linux-x64` for portable Linux. (Only valid for Linux/macOS and for versions earlier than .Net Core 2.1.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the [runtime identifier](../rid-catalog.md) for which the tools are being installed. Use `linux-x64` for portable Linux. (Only valid for Linux/macOS and for versions earlier than .NET Core 2.1.)
```

Reviewer 2: Updated as suggested.

  **`--os <OPERATING_SYSTEM>`**

>   Specifies the operating system for which the tools are being installed (Valid for .Net Core 2.1 and above.). Possible values are: `osx`, `linux`, `linux-musl`, `freebsd`, `rhel.6`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the operating system for which the tools are being installed. Possible values are: `osx`, `linux`, `linux-musl`, `freebsd`, `rhel.6`. Valid for .NET Core 2.1 and later.)
```

Reviewer 2: Updated as suggested.

>   Specifying this option should only be necessary when running the script from an uncommon Unix based operating system and the script fails to determine for which of the supported operating systems to install the tools.

Reviewer 3: I would consider also another reason -  overriding the automatic OS detection for any other reason, for example installing linux package on rhel.6, etc.  Alternative generic wording can be: `the parameter is optional and should only be used when it is required to override the operating system detected by a script`.

>   Specifying this option should only be necessary when running the script from an uncommon Unix based operating system and the script fails to determine for which of the supported operating systems to install the tools.

Reviewer: Per suggested wording recommended by @vlada-shubina:

```suggestion
  The parameter is optional and should only be used when it's required to override the operating system that is detected by the script.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated as suggested.
